Update README.md to add megablocks requirement for mixtral (#2033)
vllm-project/vllm: README.md

```bash
pip install vllm
```

> Mixtral required additional requirement `megablocks` which can be installed with pip or [from source](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/megablocks):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The Mixtral model additionally requires `megablocks` which can be installed with pip or [from source](https://github.com/stanford-futuredata/megablocks) on **Python 3.10**:
```
